Pad Aiden, and here, I think we stopped yesterday, you have arrived at the awareness of the egoless
which is the "sharp vedra"
to have arrived to the awareness that remains as actualized groans.
So if I roughly translate this, the awareness of the egoless which is the "sharp vedra", that's it.
To actualize it, then we are reaching the peak of the awareness and that is reached to the final
goal, the final goal of the nature.
That is a kind of roughly translation, but I make it. In order to do that, then we have to practice
.
We have to now practice. We do learn the teaching and then do the practices.
And the practices, as I mentioned yesterday in the Great Master Umm Khimba and not just Umm Khimba,
but all the masters say everyone teaches the same thing in the lineage. Then those three novels,
the beginning novel, the middle novel, and the concluding novel.
Every session of the practice follows with three novels. The beginning novel is with beautiful
intention.
Intention with rafu, bodhijata, and porenosa, as well as devotion to the teaching with full of
confidence and those are the beginning.
And the middle is practice itself, principle practices.
This practice, in the Vijayana teaching, there are two practices.
The creative stage practices and the completion stage practices.
The creation stage practices are also known as visualization practices, such as sadhanas.
We do sadhana practices. That is the visualization, which is meditation.
Which is zokkin meditation, chamat meditation. Zokkin is like brain emptiness. Zokkin is, as the
teaching says, its appearance.
So zokkin is what? Relative truth, absolute truth, union.
And this is the creation stage practice is relative truth, purity.
Relative truth is, as we just mentioned, is all enlightened.
Relative truth is enlightened.
Of course, with duality, when we dilute with duality, it is impure.
There are so many different things.
And when we don't have duality, it is enlightened.
And those are the teachings, always. And it is also mentioned in later here, too.
All enlightened. I will go later here to that. All enlightened.
That is the creative stage of the Vijayana, relative truth practices, where purity is.
Then, the completion stage practices of the two stages is zokkin meditation.
Completing stage practices mean the great absolute truth practices.
Completely means what? There is nothing left behind, the all-encompassing.
Where does that encompass it? As in the teaching case, so many times, in the great emptiness.
Great emptiness is not external. Great emptiness is dharmakaya, nature of our own mind.
Within is our nature of the mind, of the emptiness, that everything is complete.
What is our own everything? In Buddhism, what we said, samsara, nirvana, and path.
Path to the nirvana. So samsara is completed in one's own awareness.
Nirvana is complete in one's own awareness. All the path in the bhoomis, in the teaching method,
that is also uncompleted in one's own awareness. Nothing is excluded.
Nothing is not pervaded. It is all that.
Entire samsara, nirvana, path in the Tibet is called kunde, lamsam.
Kaurva, young in the neighborhood, lamp, then again said, even the lamp dreevichu,
all the resolved achievements are completed in this, once on awareness.
That is known as zhok chin meditation, complete zhok chin, zhok chambo in the Tibet.
Shri Durya, all it is, as is yesterday, I'm not just immune in the teaching method,
zhok chambo, all that is Shri Durya's number, dathangrata, garbha, is all same.
O Pandya Para Mata, all those same nature, the great emptiness, the ordinary nature,
the pure from the beginning, all that is really the nature of that.
So that's what the principal practices.
Really, that you follow the sadhana, you receive teachings on the sadhana and practice.
That sadhana practice is also union of both creation state and completion state.
Visualization and completion state, both are union.
It's not separate, because why?
Two truths are not separate.
Two truths are one.
Relate truth is absolute truth.
Absolute truth is relative, according to teaching in all masters.
It is the same.
There are no two different entities in the Sai Bhai's existence.
It is all one.
And as I mentioned, the great master and the earlier I mentioned,
there is no emptiness or absolute truth besides relative truth.
Relative truth is what we see, all these things.
Phone, song, smell, taste, touch and mind.
All this mass, matter, mind, all this is relative.
That this relative truth, nature is inseparable with emptiness.
Emptiness, openness, freedom, flexible, translucent.
And money, that is what the old emptiness is.
That is the emptiness.
It's not the emptiness of blame, convert, many times.
When we have duality, thought emptiness means why can't?
Emptiness, blame has not known.
In the teaching, emptiness is a pool of fullness.
A pool of fullness.
What a pool?
All that is free.
That emptiness is full of samsara.
Emptiness is a pool of paths and mountainous is a pool of nirvana.
Also there are not three different components, departments,
or to be different, all in the same thing.
See, how wonderful.
How do you make them?
In the teaching, he said, really.
Even his emptiness, all that, but all this karma,
all this, this, this all displays are just happened by him.
Don't any blockage and stop him or short it.
For that reason, a great master earlier said, how amazing.
He said, is more than amazing, more than awesome.
Have you really think, truly?
That's how the nature is.
That is our mind.
The nature of this mind, all displayed, yet never lost its qualities.
It is identity of that.
For those reasons, great master, Don Kimba said,
all the beings of six realms went through ups and downs,
all of that, but reality level, they never moved
for one day from the true nature.
Never moved, never changed.
It's all that.
Why that happening?
It's all, we all go through challenges.
It's delusions.
That's what the great master, Don Kimba,
we talked for a second, he has to tell you.
As long as we have the duality,
that long there is karma.
There is as long as the duality,
there is long there is inter-disappearance
and the karmas and this and that.
Therefore, should not ignore the karma,
should not ignore those cause and effect.
As long as duality, not just having small realization
and something, ignore.
No, we create more obscuring.
It will become as like karmas.
Here we burden to the wind.
We put the kind of leather stones or something
to our wing or to the wing of the bird.
Bird cannot fly.
It stops.
Similarly, any negative activity is smallest things.
That will prevent and block it,
our realization understands and advances.
Therefore, always be taught for every action.
Be taught with every action.
With mindfulness, thoughtfulness, alertness.
Use all that and then be safe with very real
and calm and peaceful on the right course
as much as we can do.
That is known as practicing.
Practice. We need practice.
We need practice. We're not enlightened.
We're going through the Doki teaching and all that thing,
but we're not there yet.
We're just trying to change the course of duality.
We carry the right course of duality from the biggest time.
Carry that.
And now, by the teachings of the greatest teacher,
Buddha Chakra Muni in the world of Amazon,
lineage, in a way, we're saying enough is enough.
Now we're going to turn the waves our directions,
the origin of your natural direction.
Think of that.
Therefore, this is all so, so important to be, even though you have...
So therefore, what they say in the teaching of Akram said,
carrying the wool on the mouth,
carrying the wool on the mouth, not in the heart.
Then we can make mistakes.
There are so many stories in the teaching that really made mistakes.
People practicing with mistakes and thinking maybe it's okay.
They say, "Okay, all that, that." Then we lost it.
All of a sudden, the teaching said...
An early part of the teaching said there is a delay, a mistake,
and I lost three things here.
The first chapter, the second, is said here in...
Oh yeah, here, here.
And it's said in page 12.
Therefore, which cut the arrows, divisions,
and always don't have the next one.
But it's always said three things in the practicing that we can do, mistakes.
Those are mistakes of the here translated, deviating, deviating, or that.
And then, in a little bit, there is a korwa, shorwa, and novwa.
Kor, shor, kor, shor, norsam.
Kor means deleted, maybe deviated.
Shor means lost, and noram means mistakes.
Shor means what?
Shorwa is like that many times in the teaching mentioned.
Shorwa, we carried the blue on the mark,
and then acted that to kind of intellectually understand
what we know a little bit intellectually that,
and carried that in action, and do things.
And such as...
And we carried the blue on the mark, or there is no kana.
There is no cause, no condition, no samsara, no nirvana.
Everything is okay to do.
And particularly, I'm practicing the nakwa already in the teaching.
I can't do anything because already there's nothing to have to give up.
Nothing to do, no things.
Those are known as s.
Then, shorwa, you lost your blue.
You lost your teaching on the back to the habit,
but even we make more obstacles, obscurations to ourselves.
That is it.
So, therefore, the kana really keeps on trying to be mindful.
All the way, read the life story of the gracious teacher,
Buddha Shakyamanda, his teaching, and those great masters.
Aatishas, or Malarepa, Nunkhiva, and Jangumuha,
Papurumwajas, all the great kumkra, great kinti.
Those are our raw examples.
Even those gracious teachers may be not in our eyesight,
but their legacy, their monument of teaching, love, and kumkra,
gives women to our eyes, and we can read.
We can read, really follow those.
How they are humble, simple, thoughtful, respectful, respectful.
And even their highest realization, yet their devotion, compassion,
so strong, strong and grateful, graceful.
That is what, even, so this is what really,
practitioner, zogchen practitioner, very,
and practitioner should learn any Jangmi Numba.
There is nothing higher, better than the practitioner Nappa
than Jangmi Numba.
And this lifetime, we also saw, or many of you saw,
he's only the new one.
He's only the teacher.
How there acts, he's only, he's only thing or teacher.
He's the only, just, just, just, really, so humble, simple.
Learn to the earth.
Come in, peaceful, and practicing.
That's what, that is examples of the practices for all of us.
And then nowadays, so many of those great beings.
And for example, he's only Dhala.
He is bread, very unpractical.
And yet, he's practicing, meditating, always teaching,
emphasizing on the completion, both each other,
always really emphasizing completion, and humble and simple.
Many times, even though he is honored by all these people,
so many people, devotees of the Buddhist, and even not Buddhist,
devotees are so humble and simple.
And he's wearing, wearing the shoes.
Many times, I saw slippers, those slippers that you,
that has one, what's called this?
Oh, sandals, sandals, sandals, very simple sandals,
wearing those, going to the public places.
I'm not kidding.
Otherwise, we try to dress up nicely, all these things.
Oh, it's really wearing those sandals and simple.
Those, those levels, sandals.
Sandals, wearing these.
This is really the example of the great time kind of practitioners,
Vedayana practitioners, Mahayana practitioners of these.
So, so, so this, and so, then we,
and then I'll go a little bit later on this, on the practice.
Now, today, I think maybe I just go with this,
continue a little bit, this, that, a little bit,
and then I will go later.